
# NOCC: Concurrent Compiler Framework

NOCC is an experimental compiler framework for CSP-based concurrent languages, as well as others,
generating code for a variety of targets (real and abstract).  NOCC itself aims to provide a generic
compiler framework, of sorts, with particular source languages and output targets added on as needed.
Languages are generally compiled for a single (fixed) target, though there is scope for flexibility.

## Well Supported

Currently implemented to a fairly reasonable extent:

* AVR assembler (for 8-bit Atmel AVRs), generating flash and eeprom images.

## Under Construction

Somewhat under construction, but functional in some ways:

* Guppy parallel programming language, targeting the CCSP run-time scheduler via CIF.
* occam-pi parallel programming language, targeting ETC / KRoC.
* MCSP expression language, targeting ETC / KRoC.

## Just Playing

And some extra things that I've poked around with, but haven't gotten very far on:

* escape analysis language, and interactive processing / exploration of these.
* haskell front-end (hopp) parser, to digest parse-trees generated by another compiler.
* RCX BASIC, a simple programming language for the LEGO Mindstorms RCX (intended to code-gen to RCX bytecode).
* tree-rewriting language, an abstract way of specifying parse-tree transformations within nocc.

## Note for the 32bit branch

This branch in Git is for the 32-bit version of nocc in its present state.  Time to embrace 64-bit computing,
not that it'll make much difference, but there are a lot of 32-bit-platform assumptions in the nocc code-base,
and catering for both where it matters is likely to be more grotty than useful, so the master branch will
start heading towards a 64-bit build.

